Players in order: Andre, Casey, Gen, Kate
Blind playtest

top tile for stack?
tiles and player board answered a ton of questions right off the bat - anatomies and examples are *critical*
add phrasing for gain power and power effects section
rephrase "ordered to"
phrasing for your means own
add pillar effects section
Gen is a fucking genius
fix rituals on player mats
andre and casey didn't know what to do their first turn
explain placing cubes in army and optionally battling
battle action not intuitive at all
explain importance of having cubes in battle
work on verbiage around power in battle vs out
core tiles are not open
pillars on pillar slots counting towards power in battle - maybe they should?
Gen likes the victory condition being its own puzzle
clarify that when a pillar is not in a pillar slot, the slot can be invoked
Austin needs to shut up in life
Rewrite rules on locking - missed edge cases?
**Core tiles - 4 probably not needed, 1 for 2, 2 for 3-4? - huge problem, actually game breaking
open tiles feel hard to come by
maybe don't need to block ritual slots off on the player board? they aren't getting understood
turns seem really slow, due to deliberation
meditation leaving your vulnerable is a cool mechanic according to Gen
work on verbiage for adjacent to second tile in any position tile
fix player board verbiage on up to 3, optionally battle
your tiles with matching runes is too restrictive? even with auto return slots
EMILY IS AWESOME: When your players expect may to be present, it's hard for them to adjust
move a tile adjacent to another space to adjacent tile is horribly worded but fan favorite tile? (A from set 3)
B+C 1 is a terrrible ability that does nothing unless its claimed
Gen wins

Initial impressions
Rules are daunting but the game is incredibly engaging
Too many core tiles, lead to too much isolation
Powerful tiles are fine as long as they can be contested
make hostility more important
cheating is possible with flipping tiles if no one notices - could collect rune tokens to determine your sets?
kate: game feels component heavy
casey: pillar slots don't affect decisions enough
Gen: no one took pillars from rituals - might be because of pockets of isolation or separation
is there a layer of depth added to blocking slots? maybe just a reserve?
maybe auto-recall shouldn't be a thing?
more enticing to use rituals without investing rituals
not much battling occurred
andre had no incentive to move out of his corner
maybe place victory points on tiles claimed instead of taking them to score area? use another piece for claimed tiles

Did you have fun?
feeling out which tiles to work with should have formed alliances
how can i use these tiles to make someone else not win?
gen spent a lot of time thinking about how people could fuck up her win
maybe some steamrolling is occurring - it is

How do they feel about first turn being mostly fixed, and options opening up fast?
first turn feels like setup chapter 2

How do they feel about no hidden information?
gen, andre loves its
tiles really need to stay out
transparency increases strategic feel
think about your next move when it comes to you is good

Is the triangle of death good?
yes with the other changes - 1 core tile, claimed tiles stay on board

Are turns snappy once the rules are understood?
unanimous yes
waiting can suck
4 player cap seems good

Is the verb Return good?
return feels like only for invoked stuff
return is nebulous in general

How does being the player at the end of a consecutive meditate chain feel?
felt productive

How do battle dice feel, not enough hits? (1 blank, 3 clash, 2 hit?)
yes across the board
burden of information on understanding battle rules

Is there enough tile manipulation? too much? just right?
tile manip was the most fun
open things are bad ofc
experiment with manipulation after the rule changes

Is place only on your tile or open tile too restrictive for aspirant?
Big no - the simplicity of that playstyle is perfect

Quote of the game: Casey - "Are you still on your turn?"

Does multiple ownership feel good?
multiple ownership may not add anything to the game?

most of the rituals not great?
Duchess Cordova?
