Players in order: Casey, Andre, Reed
Only Reed is new - casey and andre will teach him the game

no problems with pillar quantities, player color selection
reed immediately noted that the cube colors don't matter
note in rules not to shuffle core tiles and put one core tile on top of stack
jumped immediately into playing after setup - make note for first player being experienced?
make note on player boards - place 10 pillars in your pool instead of put them in slots
still need to fix rules around battling and cantrip on player boards
allow player board recruit action to be "up to"
reed confused about meditating and auto-return slots the first time, thought he needed to return his power from his auto-return slots because he was meditating at the end of his turn
clear up language around strength and power in battle
B<->A+C IV allows you to battle remotely - is that fine?
**NOT INTUITIVE** wilds only count for patterns, not for any other effects - clarify
note that meditate unseals your tiles
+1 strength on player boards offers remote battling - non obvious but is that good? should that be available?
occupy instead of own? need something more neutral than own
+1 str on player boards should lock a pillar or cost 2 power - probably cost 2 power
give up on having art on tiles, not enough room for mechanics
auto-return slots war with invoked tile effects - fine but keep an eye on it
make the first move own tile slot on aspirant board returnable
should place tile on aspirant board place a pillar automatically? happens every move anyway
A+C<->B III - can break the layout of the board, needs to specify unlocked in some way; add REMOVE keyword?
final ritual on aspirant board (gain 1 power if you have no tiles on field) is bad, basically never triggers, +1 power when meditate?
wildcards in set II should be your invoked tiles?
matching rune tiles - note when they count themselves
write MATCHING in the tile rules
reroll might not be worthwhile?
game might need a way to push to the end -- can drag out
fortress needs a way to scale faster mid to late game - maybe eliminate fortress?
aspirant board should be place up to 6 or place 3 and battle? - needs to be a way to dump more guys into fortress
REED WINS

overall thoughts
one core is great
one person will get pushed into drawing tiles
paying to move a pillar on aspirant board?
sealed too ambiguous?


Did you have fun
provoking battles makes more fun

Does it feel like 3 invokes is just right or too few?
just right

How do the pillars feel visually as a power mechanic
feels intuitive
works out across area control and fortifying opponents

Is the cold war around building board state after the first score fun and engaging?
yes


Reed: do battle rules feel intuitive
getting more power cubes was harder
veteran player explanation helps
naming it the fortess is good

Reed: what does the game need?
combat rules for returning cubes could be clearer

Do pools feel too noisy with both pillars and power?
andre says yes
separate it from the pool

Should I penalize players less for scoring wildcard tiles?
yes, probably return an invoke

Are several colors for power cubes fun?
doesn't matter at all, might be dull to have just one?

Should there be more effects that allow you to "battle remotely"
seems good the way it is
more of these effects would encourage battling

Should the game push players towards the end?
mechanic that deconstructs the board when you run out of tiles?
